whats up youtube this is solo sort of
leg to heal i have been trying to get my
playthroughs out but you know um when i
first got out people used to watch him a
lot but now that people have completed
game I'm not sure if I want to still
continue it but I know people still want
to watch it anyway I have a standard
match here and if you can look on the
team Peavy I'm actually taking a sample
team based on the into the dragon team
on smogon I've actually tweaked it a
little bit just so that I can fit my
specifications because when i first
tried it on his arm on his final update
form it didn't work at all well I've
audacity or Apple it wasn't good so I
had to you know figure out a few things
and vice versa anyway the leader with
londres he's the leader things drag
tonight I am going to go for the u-turn
because that is a smoking to do not sure
if that is a multi-skilled rug night
that you turn did a bit more denial
think anyway he goes for us off and this
cook me way of god because i didn't know
dragonite would carry surf I know you
can learn it but I didn't think I'd
actually see it in an actual match
haven't seen any I mean wood floor
understandable because of his high
attack stat but hey gotta go for the
Icicle crash because I know I'm faster I
can go for an Oscar fashion probably hit
it for effective damage and take it out
body goes into his don't wanna turn
takes that fairly well so now I'm gonna
go into my specially the best of gadget
on I did not see this over here coming
are you Dora murmured or Zen mode
because you know that that doesn't make
sense on this unless you are I think you
are anyway he goes into his a moonless I
want to burn this thing cook it fry it
with my fried rice and eat it and
luckily I do get the burn on the switch
which is great because the thing is a
bulky and I want this thing
gone as soon as possible so he's either
gonna go for a grass move or seniors
born which still grass me but you know
he's his latest move as opposed to
attack a move but he gave this book a
seriously that's good because you know
atoms asleep photo so I'm gonna double
switch into well I'm gonna switch out
into my Lords with your scarf and if you
don't switch which it does then you know
I have the upper hand because I'm Scott
backing
hit it first on depend on what he
switches into and this is a good matchup
because I can go first I'll take out I
don't think it's got the clothes
baochuan overheat with scarf and you
could be zemerik you know the leftovers
I don't know actually don't know what
happy is anyway he goes back into some
burgers and I don't know I had this
inkling that he was gonna go for the
spore again I don't know why I just had
this thought we just wire my back into
fair um Magnezone and he told me in here
that he thought he did he thought he
didn't put me to sleep now I'm gonna die
brésil that reason I find it totally an
awesome so if my language but totally an
utter okay why would you think
that you would you would miss ball or
you think you wouldn't able to swarm eat
what I don't look my mind is blown
anyway I'm gonna go back into the
narration he goes for the Shadow Ball
and I go for dirt on the boat now i am
actually gonna be able to hit 42 times
for to a care and that's gone not yours
I mean latias Espen sorry okay going
back into copper narration mode so he
goes into his Dragonite I'm gonna go
into my gosh done because you know
dragon type of data type and other one
very smile at us he goes for the dragon
gem boosted heartbreak and the holy crap
that does a lot I mean I'm specially
defensive and yeah I still lived at then
again I am max SP I guess that's what
bargains me to live anyway he goes for
to turn average and his coefficient are
set in there which is great because now
I can go into my mama swine potentially
either hit for super effective damage or
not Paul you know kill it but you know
he s we put messages ice week which has
been the mingos disruptor and the
dragonite so either way Mamoswine does
have this in the bag and yeah all
despite the intimidate I am still able
to hit this guy for two hits via ipod
enough for 28 k and that is one dead
strapped or both fainted anyway i still
have two more like four hits so
providing a commercially still not this
guy out i can actually win the match
with my son alone
however due to intimidate I should i
wait for the Icicle crash I mean I
thought he was gonna go for the extreme
speed but he doesn't so you know
Mamoswine wasn't able to get that kill
their answers I was jolly in this match
which I end up being such an apt adamant
later on you know that really keep that
really pissed me off slowly I still
happen of a dragon-type I am able to go
for an outrage this is banded by the way
and was it Scott I think it's coughed my
shop has been discovered on his ebay his
choice artrage going to be enough power
to knock out both those guys and that
would be the game so yeah I don't know
what that doubles balls all about by any
way that will be the match coming up
subscribe do your stuff I'll see you
guys later peace